today's video is powered by Hauppauge
skip it a button data so huge ginormous
shout-out to icy rhythms for I was going
to talk about this a while back and I
saw his video talking about how NVIDIA
is going round and saying that their
NVIDIA GeForce Titan video card is three
times more powerful than the PlayStation
4 and my response to that is no shit man
the butt sex is strong with this one I
mean why even bring that up in video I
don't even know what to say here you're
talking about now they have the slides
in the videos like Oh or g-force and
video Titan whatever is three times more
powerful than the PlayStation 3 now for
anyone out there who doesn't know the
Titan is their top-of-the-line
graphics processor graphics card some
argue that the 690 is still more
powerful especially with the newest
drivers it's $1,000 video card ok the
place let's be realistic here the
PlayStation 4 is probably going to cost
around 400 pushing it I hope they don't
do it but $500 so Nvidia you're
comparing a component of a computer not
the entire computer it's the graphics
card you still need to buy a motherboard
a CPU a hard drive a case D optional DVD
ROM Drive so on and so forth you're
comparing a component a graphics card
that needs is not standalone needs other
parts to run to a gaming console which
includes everything you're really doing
that thing and on top of it so you have
to understand and like I see rhythm said
you go on by these like for everyone out
there who is disappointed don't be you
don't want the PlayStation 4 to be be
that expensive ok first off it's a game
console and I'm saying this as a more P
I prefer PC gaming over console gaming
but I still love consoles up I'm playing
injustice gods
us on the WiiU right now you don't want
it to have top of the line components
like that
you want something affordable and
mainstream and it's still going to give
you great performance
Sony already went down this route before
okay they tried it with the PlayStation
3 and it royally bit them on the ass it
was a waste of time with the whole Cell
processor thing and even blu-ray like
yeah now blu-ray is going to be great
for next gen consoles but due to its
large storage space but look what
happened when the PlayStation 4 first
came out the bleeding edge technology
and the only developers that really took
advantage of the cell were first party
developers the sony learned from that
you don't want just a graphics processor
in the PlayStation 4 alone to be worth
$1000 do you want to go the ps3 route
again which almost buried the
PlayStation brand initially the
PlayStation 3 is doing fine now but when
they first came out with it it was
hurting due to the price it had no games
in the beginning sounds familiar
everyone's saying about the Wii U and no
one really took advantage of the
hardware they learned from that they're
going with mainstream hardware it's
going to look great the games are going
to run great it's going to be easy to
program for so Nvidia as much as I love
my GTX 670 stop take all your rhetoric
and shove it up your collective asses
you obviously don't want to come it's
it's funny they must have some beef with
Playstation or Sony more than you do
with Microsoft because obviously the
microscope might be the Xbox 720 is
pretty much identical with the speed of
the RAM be either being DDR gddr3 or
ddr3 or ddr5 is up in the air still is
pretty much on par with the PlayStation
4 I don't see them talking too much shit
about the ps4 or the Xbox 720 so that's
kind of interesting to me wonder what
their beef is with Sony but don't listen
to the bullshit and for everyone out
there who thinks I'm talking crap about
Sony right now
and if you do you're an idiot I'm
defending them right now
the other video I put up where Nvidia
said the PlayStation 4 is going to be a
low-end gaming PC or a low-end PC I got
like threats through my email because of
that video people demanding me to take
it down even though I was defending the
PlayStation 4 so that one just boggled
my mind but again I'll end the video
repeating what I said before for one
other who's not really into the tech and
just likes the game don't worry about
this crap it's smart that Sony didn't
include an NVIDIA GeForce Titan in their
game console because you'd have to take
out a home equity loan to buy the system
and to be honest six months from now the
Titan is going to be outdated anyway
less outdated than what they have in the
Kop the ps4 but it'll still be outdated
and it would have been pointless and it
would have killed the PlayStation 4
because it would have been too expensive
so anyway leave your thoughts in the
comments section below are you
disappointed with the PlayStation 4
hardware I don't think you should be I
think it's more than adequate for next
gen console but if you are let me know
in the comments section tell me how you
feel this is rich review tech USA
signing out have a good one
you